Adjust USD value in history events (#9454)
rotki/rotki: docs/websockets.rst

- ``total``: Total number of time intervals to query
- ``processed``: Number of intervals that have been processed so far
- ``subtype``: Set to "historical_price_query_status" to identify historical price query progress

Liquity staking status
=======================

> Liquity staking has several sources to check that need to query prices remotely. The process can be followed by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liquity staking has several products whose price needs to be remotely queried. The progress of these queries can be followed by
```

::

    {
        "type": "progress_updates",
        "data": {
            "total": 4,
            "processed": 1,
            "subtype": "liquity_statking_query"
        }
    }

> - ``total``: Total number of sources that the staking logic has to check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``total``: Total number of products that the staking logic has to check.
```

> - ``processed``: Number of sources queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``processed``: Number of products queried.
```

- ``subtype``: Set to "liquity_statking_query" to identify liquity staking queries.

Async prices queries
======================

> Kraken and Liquity query prices for historical events and they report the status using the following structure sent every 10 events processed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kraken and Liquity query prices for historical events and they report the status using the following structure sent every 10 processed events:
```
